Doc/overall edit dpf post (#144)
pyansys/pydpf-post: docs/source/user_guide/accessing_results.rst

    >>> displacement = solution.displacement()

> The displacement ``Result``objectcorresponds to a vector field. To obtain the scalar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The displacement ``Result`` object corresponds to a vector field. To obtain the scalar
```
